crowell skates up the right wing boards
pushes the puck near the blue line kept
in by hair for tiny tyne and left circle
fakes the shot throw that in front rusty
scars backhand gold Brian rust Notre
Dame leads one nothing and to the left
goalpost o'connor was out of position
rusty buried it and Notre Dame strikes
first here come the Irish it is hennes
frozen with speed got by two men walked
hit backhand shot of the left goalpost
all we had the goaltender beat and he
hit the goalpost a goal 13th goal of his
scene he's over the BU line left wing
side three on three finds the trailer
Fogarty into the left circle takes a
shot save rebound Kosta with the left
goalpost trying to jam it in the left
circle now spins away from McGregor any
of us thought John shoots oh it might
hit the goalpost play center point John
slap shot save rebound is loose Napoleon
chance a by o'connor penalty is now over
Costello top of the circle right side
shoots scores five hole was
perry's it and the Notre Dame captain
has given the Fighting Irish a two
nothing lead 1035 to go on the second
direct feet up the right wing boards out
of the Arizona good little give and go
feed by he'll hand it off to home and on
the line right side for Regan cutting
down the middle Rodriguez tonight by
Summerhays they Rodriguez on the line
right side hold curls shot save rebound
scores rodriguez three scoring chances
in the last 30 seconds and Evan
Rodriguez puts bu on the board with 356
to go on the second period three at
Notre Dame Here Come Snider right wing
suit scores Rashad Schneider from the
right circle he beat o connor Eddie
gives the Irish a 3-1 lead was 16 53 to
go in regulation time at first glance i
won Summerhays rebound to the left
circle the Irish gain control Rodriguez
left wing shot a sparkling glove save by
summer haze and the fans behind the
Irish goaltender are standing and
applauding a terrific save by Steven
Summerhays Rodriguez who scored earlier
rebound oxidant through the left
goalpost and tip wide by noon and second
chance scores left circle power play
goal Boston University there within
three to two bellagio on the power play
goal for the Terriers it's 5bu wins the
draw balázs run takes a shot blocked by
Costello
and that's an Irish winner Irish eyes
are smiling at the Compton family Ice
Arena